Removal of ske methods after deprecation (2024-04-16) (#1304)
stackitcloud/stackit-sdk-go: CHANGELOG.md

## Release (2025-XX-XX)

- `ske`: [v0.21.0](services/ske/CHANGELOG.md#v0210-2025-01-21)

>   - **Removal:** The following methods were removed after deprecation (2024-04-16) and the [Service Enablement API](https://docs.api.stackit.cloud/documentation/service-enablement/version/v1) must be used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Breaking change:** The following methods were removed after deprecation (2024-04-16) and the [`serviceenablement` SDK](https://github.com/stackitcloud/stackit-sdk-go/tree/main/services/serviceenablement) must be used instead.
```

Reviewer: Same for the other file
